{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13440\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Node and Express Course \

\f1\b0 \
When working with Node you have no access to browser API\'92s because there is no browser with node. No DOM, no fetch\'85 \
\
With node be build server side apps. Our node apps will only consists of pure logic without the graphical interface. \
\
Unlike browser apps which depend on the users browser. Node-server apps depend only on the version of Js it was built in. \
\
If building a browser app, users browser doesn\'92t support specific feature it is our job to fix it. Otherwise app might have bugs. \
\
But node says there is no rule that says we have to upgrade to a newer node JS version and possibly break app. We can just keep running our node app in the version it was built in. \
\
How do we get Node to evaluate or code? \
\
Two options: REPL or CLI \
	\
Typing node into terminal is similar to typing python. It lets you type the Node.js code in the terminal environment to play around. Control + C two times to exit. \
\
All serious code will be using CLI. \
\
* You can drag and drop folder into VSCode to open that project. You can drag and drop folder into terminal after typing cd to navigate to that directory. \
\
In node there is no window object because there is no browser. \
\
You can console log these: \
__dirname - path to current directory \
__filename - path to current file \
\
setInterval() function calls callback function in a loop where second parameter is time passed between. \
\
In vain all JS, every file is a module. Modules are encapsulated code where you only want to start the bare minimum. \
\
Module has a property called exports which is an object. You can export code in this exports object. \
\
Require basically acts like an import function to import the libraries, files or code you want to use from other files. \
\
Modue.export is very similar to export default. \
\
 }